docs: Disable workloads Settting (#1296)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/14-troubleshooting/06-nodes.md

For detailed information, review the cluster upgrades [page](/clusters/#clusterupgradedetails).

<br />

# Clusters

## Scenario -  vSphere Cluster and Stale ARP Table

> Sometimes vSphere clusters encounter issues where nodes with an assigned Virtual IP Address (VIP) cannot contact the node with a VIP. The problem is caused by non-VIP nodes' Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) entries becoming stale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes vSphere clusters encounter issues where nodes with an assigned Virtual IP Address (VIP) cannot contact the node with a VIP. The problem is caused by Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) entries becoming stale on non-VIP nodes.
```

> To minimize this situation, vSphere clusters deployed through Palette now have a daemon set that cleans the ARP entry cache every five minutes. The cleaning process will force the nodes to re-request an ARP entry of the VIP node periodically. This is done automatically without any user action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To minimize this situation, vSphere clusters deployed through Palette now have a daemon set that cleans the ARP entry cache every five minutes. The cleaning process forces the nodes to periodically re-request an ARP entry of the VIP node. This is done automatically without any user action.
```

You can verify the cleaning process by issuing the following command on non-VIP nodes and observing that the ARP cache is never older than 300 seconds.

<br />

```shell
watch ip -statistics neighbour
```

## Scenario - EKS Cluster Worker Pool Failures

If your EKS cluster worker pool ends up in `Failed`, `Create Failed` or `Error nodes failed to join` state, refer to the Amazon EKS [Runbook](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager-automation-runbooks/latest/userguide/automation-awssupport-troubleshooteksworkernode.html
) for troubleshooting guidance. 

<br />

## Palette Agents Workload Payload Size Issue

> A cluster comprising many nodes can create a situation where the workload report data the agent sends to Palette exceeds the 1 MB threshold and fails to deliver the messages. If the agent encounters too many workload report deliveries, the agent container may transition into a  *CrashLoopBackOff* state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A cluster comprised of many nodes can create a situation where the workload report data the agent sends to Palette exceeds the 1 MB threshold and fails to deliver the messages. If the agent encounters too many workload report deliveries, the agent container may transition into a  *CrashLoopBackOff* state. 
```
